# Outreach Committee of the TARS Foundation

Start Time: January 27th, 2021 7:00 PM PST / January 28th, 2021 11:00 AM Beijing Time


## Agenda
- Outreach Committee members made introductions
- Outreach Committee Goals
- TARS Certification Survey

## Attendees
- Qing Lin
- Frank Wang
- Jim Xu
- Tina Tsou

[Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1t0wAoN2pfGN25O4SnOYTDtENLuG4MLyDIACRNFXMw50/edit?usp=sharing)

## Notes 
It was the first meeting of the TARS Outreach Committee. The members had an opportunity to get to know each other in a virtual environment. 

The discussion was mainly about setting the committee’s goals for 2021. Frank Wang (Ampere) and Jim Xu (Zenlayer) both agreed that the committee will seek guidance from the Governing Board about more specific goals. 

Jim also suggested that we could create a wiki page for collaboration purposes for the committee. For now, the committee’s documents, such as meeting agenda, slides, and meeting minutes, can be accessed via Google Drive Folder and are displayed on GitHub repository. 

The TARS Certification Survey was brought to the committee’s attention. As a way to better plan the TARS Certification Program, a survey was created to collect opinions and understand the demand for a TARS certification. The Committee Members are encouraged to fill out the survey and distribute it through their channels. 

## Action items
- All Outreach Committee members submit their biographies and headshots to be displayed on TARS website
- Discuss with the Governing Board to provide more concrete goals and focus for the Outreach Committee
- Fill out and distribute Certification Survey: https://forms.gle/yMZwXBGmU7QN4GBRA
